SDCD-1160: specifying dora change lead time limitation if previous deployment was too far in the past (#28956)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dora_metrics/setup/deployments.md

- Change lead time stage breakdown metrics are only available for GitHub and GitLab.
- Change lead time is not available for the first deployment of a service that includes Git information.

> - Change lead time is not available if the most recent previous deployment of a service was more than 60 days in the past.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change lead time is not available if the most recent deployment of a service was more than 60 days ago.
```
